TC1

 Name:New user registration
Objective:Needs to register a new user in the system
Precondition:Input dataset witch user detail available
User must have more than 3 characters and less than 30 characters, e.g: User1
Test script (Steps):
1.go to the https://qa-complexapp.onrender.com/
2.filling the field "Username" in "Sign up" section with a unique value
Test data: tepliuk. If user tepliuk exist, use one of the users from list: tepliuk2, tepliuk3, tepliuk4.
3.filling the field "Email" in "Sign up" section with a unique value
Test data:tepliuk@gmail.com. If email tepliuk@gmail.com exist, use one of the users from list: tepliuk2@gmail.com, tepliuk3@gmail.com, tepliuk4@gmail.com.
4.filling the field "create a Password" in "Sign up" section
Test data: tepliuktepliuk
5.click on "Sign up for OurApp" button
Expected result:
1.can see the user name at the top side
2.can see the "Sign Out" button
Post condition:click the "Sign Out" button
Version:1.0

TC2

 Name: Signing in with an existing user
Objective: Checking of the "signing in" functionality
Precondition: existing user available (username: tepliuk, password: tepliuktepliuk)
Test script (Steps):
1. filling the field "Username" in "Sign in" section
Test data: tepliuk
2. filling the field "Password" in "Sign in" section
Test data: tepliuktepliuk
3. click on "Sign in" button
Test data: -
Expected result:
1. can see the username at the top side of the page
2. can see the "Sign Out" button
Post condition: none
Version: 1.0

TC3

Name: Create new post (public)
Objective: Checking of the "create post " functionality
Precondition: The user must be registered and logged in (username: tepliuk, password: tepliuktepliuk)
Test script (Steps):
1. click on "create post"
2. filling the field "Title"
Test data: new post(HW)
3. filling the field "Body Content"
Test data: HW
4.click "Save New Post"
Expected result:
1. message "New post successfully created".
2. can see the "my profile" "new post(HW)"
Post condition: Delete the created post
Version: 1.0


TC4

Name: Subscribe to the user
Objective: Checking the functionality of subscribing to another user
Precondition:
1.The user must be registered and logged in (username: tepliuk, password: tepliuktepliuk)
2.The user must have a post created (Title: new hot post)
Test script (Steps):
1. click on "search"
2. filling the field "What are you interested in?" in "search" section
Test data: new hot post
3. click a post with a title "new hot post"
4.click on the username in the row "Posted by"
5.click on the button "Follow"
Test data:tepliuk2
Expected result:
1. message "Successfully followed tepliuk2."
2. can see the "my profile" in the tab "following" name user
Post condition: Unsubscribe from the user
Version: 1.0

TC5

Name: Deleting a post
Objective: Checking the post deletion functionality
Precondition:
1.The user must be registered and logged in (username: tepliuk, password: tepliuktepliuk)
2.Post must be created (Title: new post(HW))
Test script (Steps):
1. click on "my profile"
2. Click on the title of the post
3.Click the Delete button
4. Check that post (Title: new post(HW)) is absent in list of posts.
Expected result:
1. can see the message "Post successful deleted."
Post condition: none
Version: 1.0